c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\MvcDemo.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\MvcDemo.pdb
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\obj\Debug\MvcDemo.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\obj\Debug\MvcDemo.pdb
C:\Users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcDemo\MvcDemo\obj\Debug\MvcDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
